these exhausted Palestinians have waited
for hours to get clean water at this
station
in children are also in the queue
clutching containers too large for their
hands this is their daily reality for
Palestinians where diminishing Water
Supplies turn every day into a struggle
for
survival we have to wait 3 hours just to
fill one container there are lots of
people we have to Quee and the water
pressure is weak and sometimes the water
is completely shut off and the world is
just
watching since Israel's bombardment of
Eastern Raa has escalated many have flit
to Central Gaza increasing the pressure
on supplies there Gaza has been
suffering from water shortages for years
the main source the coastal Aqua fires
is contaminated by sewage and pollution
making nearly all of its water and fit
for human
consumption Before the War people had
access to 80 lers of water per day and
that was already far below what the UN
recommended but now everybody here gets
between two and three lers per day the
situation is worsening each day due to
water infrastructure being damaged by
Israeli air
strikes we came here today looking for a
safe place I walked for 10 or 15 minutes
looking for water and I heard of the
desalination station here and I hope the
water is drinkable and for human
consumption and this is what we are
hoping and as Palestinians endure long
waits for dwindling supplies of water
diseases caused by the shortages and War
are spreading
rapidly H Mahmud Al jaaz
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz